Welcome back everyone.
In this lecture will show you how to add search on your and view pages.
So we currently only have a few entries in our models just a few movie titles a few customers but with
a more realistic project ends up having hundreds or even thousands of entries.
It's going to be hard to just quickly scroll through and find what you're looking for.
We can add a search in the Admin Page to quickly and easily find what entry we're looking for and Gengel
actually makes this incredibly easy.
It's essentially just one Ashmit you add into a class.
So let's hop over to the editor and show you how to do that.
OK I'm back here at the editor and on your abdomen up Paey file remember these classes recreated created
or we could add in fields or the ordering of fields.
We can also do is add in an attribute called Search underscore fields and you can set that equal to
a list of fields you want to actually search in the search box that jingoes going to automatically create
for us.
So for instance for movies you probably just want to search the title.
You can imagine that if there was a description of this movie you may want to search that as well.
Now the more terms or field you add in here in the search field that means the longer it's going to
take to search something.
However it's relatively quick so it shouldn't be a big deal to add in more fields here.
However we probably don't want to add fields like length unless you intend to search for length in the
search box.
So I'm going to save this so you can see what this actually looks like.
Let me bring in my abdomen page.
So here's my ADD admin page.
And we added a search field to movies so we click on movies Lotusphere.
Now we get this nice little search box and what I can do is I can begin typing something like Indiana
and then hit search and it's going to return anything where Indiana happened to be in that title.
OK.
Now if I'd search something like 1 to 3 or let's say 120 and hit search right now 0 movies pop up because
it's not searching at the length of movies it's only searching the title of movies.
So let's edit that so we can see the effect and I hope that over here and then let's go ahead and say
length is something we can search as well.
Save this.
I'm going to refresh this come back.
The videos come back to movies.
And now I'm going to search for let's say 120 hit search and I see Jurassic Park shows up because remember
now I can search for the link for movies if I click on dress park.
That was the link for that movie.
OK.
That's really it for adding search as he saw it's incredibly easy and incredibly powerful.
All you need to do is inside one of these classes add in the search mute search underscore fields and
then add in a list of fields you want to search or remember to register.
Along with the model.
OK thanks everyone and I'll see at the next lecture.